Make backend dependencies optional (#145)
audeering/audbackend: docs/install.rst

    $ # virtualenv --python=python3 ${HOME}/.envs/audbackend
    $ # source ${HOME}/.envs/audbackend/bin/activate
    $ pip install audbackend

> Per default,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default,
```

> only the file-system backend will be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only the :class:`FileSystem` backend will be installed.
```

Author: Changed locally.
